Chapter 1:

"LEXIA!!"

Scene : Nity Vil : Lake, Lexia sitting at the edge, sleep, Gele behind them

Gele : "LEXI!!"
Gele hits Lexia to wake them up
Lexia : "What?"
Lexia gets up to look at Gele
Gele (Upset) : "We were supposed to be hanging out today!"
Lexia : "Can you blame me for forgetting?"
Lexia : "You always forget about our hangouts."
Gele looks away
Gele (Upset) : "Girl just lead the way"
Lexia hits Gele as he leaves the Lake
Gele walks after Lexia after a bit

Scene : Nity Vil : Lake Road

Lexia and Gele walk
Gele notices an orange glow, stopping
Gele : "Lexi!"
Lexia stops, upset
Lexia (Upset) : "What do you want, Gel."
Gele : "Don't call me that."
Lexia is moving closer to Gele
Lexia (Upset) : "Gele."
Gele : "Look!"
Lexia notices the glow
Lexia looks shocked
Gele smiles
Gele shifts closer
Lexia looks more shocked
Lexia : "Noo."
Lexia grabs Gele
Lexia : "We don't know what that is."
Gele: "Why not find out?"
Lexia lets go, upset again
Lexia : "Because-!"
Gele runs towards the glow
Lexia : "GOD DAMMIT GELE!"
Lexia runs after them
The glow pulses brighter as Gele enters and once Lexia enters

Scene : Dark world minus a Orange Outlined Road
Gele is running forward
Lexia is running after Gele
Lexia stops and looks around
Lexia : "What the f-?"
Gele is knocked backwards

????: "JUST WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?"

L and G run into Talo, but are too weak to do anything and fail to seal the Delta Realm
G discovered a Delta


Chapter 2:

T creates another Delta Realm
L and G go to try and stop it, getting in more battles to get stronger
L and G can't beat T but they do seal the Delta Realm
L discovered a Delta


Chapter 3:

A friend of L, Ota, is taken by T
G finds out and is tricked by T to go inside a Delta Realm that he created inside [[PROTECTION AREA]]
T seals [[PA]] and traps G


Chapter 4:

L and their partner, Amy, are ambushed by T
T leads them into [[PA]]
L and A are sealed inside the [[PA]] Delta Realm
Amy gets taken by T, who runs off
L is alone


Chapter 5:

L travels through the Delta Realm, figuring out how they work
Delta Realms work on desire, the more you desire something, it will channel around you inside the Delta Realm
L uses this to bring them towards O, G, A and T


Chapter 6:

T tackles L before they can do anything
T takes the 6 Delta that he has and uses their power to battle L
L uses Desire Channeling to beat T, taking the Delta
L frees their friends
G reveals they found another Delta


Chapter 7:

G and L are about to pull out the 9 Delta
T tackles them and takes 8
T creates a Delta Realm, but they're already in one so it explodes
T takes the power, the energy from the Delta Realm Explosion and powers up
T is practically a Delta Realm God now
Desire Channeling is harder now so The Delta Group has to be Strong
T and The Delta Group battle


Chapter 8:

T is defeated
The 9 Delta are collected by TDG
They form the Delta Crystal
G holds it in their hand, thinking
G takes the crystal and absorbs the power, L, O, and A (LOA) are knocked back by the shockwave
G takes a new form, a dark form, and breaks out of [[PA]]
LOA follow G towards the Chapter 1 Delta Realm

Chapter 9:

G flies inside the Chapter 1 Delta Realm
LOA follow close behind
G battles LOA moving throughout the Delta Realm and battle them individually and sometimes they're grouped up
Eventually TDG are all in one area
G takes the Delta Furnace (Delta Realm Dark Fountain basically) and makes it even hotter
Desire Channeling is practically impossible now
LOA and G battle, LOA losing


Chapter 10:

T arrives, attacking G, knocking them into the furnace,
LOA and T (LOTA) are having a truce
LOTA battle G, T sharing power with LOA
LOTA and G are even after a while (damage = lesser stats)
LOA channels the power back into T
T performs a finisher on G, both falling into the Delta Furnace
The Delta Realm is sealed

